2021 01 19 shaun liu pim (#11399)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedule-filterbycurrentuser.md

---
title: "unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule: filterByCurrentUser"
description: "Get a list of the unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule objects and their properties filtered by a particular user principal"
author: "shauliu"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule: filterByCurrentUser

> Namespace: microsoft.graph

Reviewer: Add: [!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get a list of the [unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule](../resources/unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule.md) objects and their properties associated with a particular principal object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|PrivilegedAccess.ReadWrite.AzureAD|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|PrivilegedAccess.Read.AzureAD|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET roleManagement/directory/roleEligibilitySchedules/filterByCurrentUser
```

> ## Function parameters

Reviewer: Query parameters

> In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

Reviewer: The first sentence isn't needed.

> The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the query parameters that can be used with this method.
```

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |on|roleEligibilityScheduleFilterByCurrentUserOptions|ID of the current user|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|on|roleEligibilityScheduleFilterByCurrentUserOptions|Id of the current user.|
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityschedule.md) collection in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "unifiedroleeligibilityschedule_filterbycurrentuser"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleEligibilitySchedules/filterByCurrentUser(on='parameterValue')

Reviewer: Real looking 'parameterValue'

```

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleEligibilitySchedule)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "String (identifier)",

>       "principalId": "String",

Reviewer: Actual values.
